[Coco]
All this over a woman?
[George]
Okay, Coco, come on,
we need to focus.
We gotta get
these lines down.
This is very important.
We got an important table read.
Come on.I know.
Are you sure
he's not dead?
He's not dead.
We just put a mirror
under his mouth
a half hour ago,
come on.
Hey, boss, I'm heading
over to GVN to run product.
That means check 'em out.
Tell me more, over here.
Oh, well, basically,
I get to...
Okay, but he's gonna be
working and staying out late.
So, you know where I leave
the key, thank you.
Damn.Mm-hmm.
You're no fun.
That's true.
So here's what I'm thinking.
As a detective during
the day, no accent.
Yes, of course,
we'll get right on it.
And at night, when we bust
a perpetrator
like downtown L.A.,
[with accent]
You're under arrest, estúpid...
And I let it fade out,
estúpid...
Then I will do accent, too.
Uh, forget it.
Yeah, I'm a little nervous
about this table reading.
Yeah?Mmm.
Well, you should be.
Everything is riding
on this.
All the network
honchos will be there.
Yeah, I said I was nervous.
That's not exactly comforting.
Yeah, well,
I want you nervous.
You should be nervous,
I'm nervous.
It's good to be nervous.
It would be weird
if you weren't nervous.
How did you feel right
before the first table read
of "The George Lopez Show"?
[sighs]
Like I was gonna
throw up my soul.
That's what
I'm looking for.
Then I'm on track.
Can you make sure
that Pfeiffer
has the scene
all mapped out nice?
Unfortunately, Pfeiffer is
no longer with the organization.
She wishes you well.
But I will take
care of that.
What? Wait a minute,
what organization?
She's your sister.It just wasn't a great fit.
I can see that
but, you know,
Pfeiffer had, like,
a cool vibe,
you know, positive
without being pushy.
Okay, Mom, I get it.
Pfeiffer's a wonderful
free spirit and screw me.
All right, well,
I don't think
you should be--
having any of this.
Yeah, sorry.
My mom is just driving
me really crazy at home.
I gotta get out
of that house.
You do gotta get
out of the house.
But look it, so whether
it's you, Tagine or Pfeiffer,
can you just make sure
that Lori has a good seat?
Like, not close to me
maybe across from me
so she can kind of get
a feel for what I do.
Hm, you want her to see
you doing your thing?
You guys are
kinda tight, huh?
Well, you know, it's...
We're keeping it casual
except for the sex.
♪♪
Let me tell you
something about Pfeiffer.
You need her.
I need her?
I'm the one with
her own business.
A business that sounds like
it's in a precarious place.
Because of her.
Mom, I went to Princeton
and USC.
Pfeiffer went to Bonnaroo.
You've always been
so competitive.
Now go apologize
to your sister
and maybe she'll
come back on board.
Did Dad really kill himself
or was he just trying
to get away from you?
None of your beeswax.
[spits]
I gotta go.
[indistinct chatter]
All right!
Let's hear this!
We open on smog.
It's summer and that
telltale brown curtain
is hanging down
across the mountains.
We see an old muscle car
driving down
Glenoaks Boulevard,
San Fernando.
Behind the wheel
is Paco Campo.
The closest thing to a hero
this place has got.
Paco and Dahlia stand
over the lifeless,
bullet-ridden body
of Sancho Jacinto.
It was messy.
But the world is a better
place without him in it.
At least the Valley is.
They turn their backs on what
they just did and walk away.
Fade out.
[whispering]
Oh, my God, that was...
[normal voice]
You can do this.
You're not in over
your head.
Wow, thanks, is that
your way of telling me
you believe in me?
What I'm trying to say is
you'regoing to win an Emmy.
And Danny's gonna spend
the rest of his life
regretting the day
he lost you.
Lost us.
Us, Olly.
'Kay, that was great.
I mean, just great!
If we could just give our notes,
we'll be good to go.
This shouldn't take long.
Okay, now these are
actually Eric's notes.
But, uh, we see
very little daylight
between his notes
and ours.
Uh, wait a minute, I thought
Eric couldn't make it.
Oh, he couldn't,
but his notes could.
[chuckling]
Yeah, no, he read
this over the weekend.
I mean, George, this show
is a real priority for him.
I mean, obviously,
that was a great read.
Great script,
great acting.
I mean, that is the business
that Eric wants to be in.
Yeah, you know, us too.
[chuckling]Perfect.
Well, then none of these notes
should be a problem, okay?
The top line is, it's just--
it's, it's too long.
Really? It didn't
feel too long to me.
As a matter of fact,
I think there's stuff
that should go back
in there.
Yeah, yeah, that's cool.
Listen, there's always,
you know, room for some trims.
Yeah, no, we're gonna
need to make cuts.
What kind of cuts?
Well, it's, um,
it's 64 pages now.
And, uh, my guess is...
30 pages need to go.
Wait a minute,
hang on a second.
You, you know this
is an hour-long drama.
Yeah, well, Eric,
he was...
He was very clear on this.
He needs a half hour.
[whispering]
He needs more jokes.
Oh, and more jokes.
Yeah, three, three
per page would be great.
Then why did we have
this damn table read?
To hear it.
And we like
what we heard.
Yeah, did, did Eric like
what he didn't hear?
What's next?
Like, a laugh track?
Maybe bring an audience in.
I'll do some warm-up.
I don't think that's
what they're saying.
Is that what
you're saying?
Absolutely not.
No, George,
we're not looking for some
hacky multi-cam sitcom.
No, Eric just needs
a half hour for scheduling.
Audience's attention spans
are shrinking.
Especially with millennials.
And half-hour dramas
really are the new thing.
Exactly,
with comedic elements.
Just like real life, right?
I mean, George, I get it.
Sometimes comedians are
just so desperate
to prove
that they have depth
that they make everything
too serious, too grim.
In life, well,
it's not like that.
All right, well, I was gonna
make an ex-wife joke,
but the lawyer told me
those were off the table.
[both laughing]There you go.
Here's the thing,
I don't care about
the running time.
I care about the content.
Yeah, and a, and an hour long
really is just two half hours.
Right, which was
Eric's point all along.
[distant phone ringing]
Hey, Rachel,
great to see you.
I heard you were tied up at set
and therefore unreachable.
But I reached ya.
It got canceled.
I was just about
to call you.
Look, what the hell is
going on with "Valleys"?
The pilot got picked up,
congrats.
Hey! You know what
I'm talking about.
You know what's going on.
Jason got fired.
I'm hanging on by a thread.
If "Valleys" gets made,
I may keep my job.
If it falls apart,
Greg will bounce me
like you did Pfeiffer.
How is she?
Hello! I don't give
a shit about Pfeiffer
and neither should you.
Is "Valleys" going to be turned
into some stupid sitcom?
I need to protect
the project.
And I need
to protect George.
If you wanna do that, then
make sure this show happens.
This could be a big win
for all of us.
My new boss
loves the project.
He thinks it could
be hilarious.
The next "Two and a Half Men."
Privately he calls it
"One and a Half Men."
Sorry, that is so offensive.
That show will get made.
"Valleys" will never
get made.
You wanna protect George?
Get him on board!
By helping him destroy
the thing he cares about most?
Or help make it be the best
possible sitcom it can still be.
Everyone knows George walked out
on his deal in Vegas.
He walks out
on a major network show,
and he will never
work again.
[Lori]
Is something wrong?
Uh, you know, they're
shooting my pilot.
I guess
that's not good news?
I just wanna make sure
that the tone is right
and that the network
and I see eye-to-eye on...
That sounds stressful.
You know
what you need?
What's that?
You need
to screw me... now.
I'm sorry?You heard me.
We've got 20 good minutes.
And, I mean,
I'm stressed out myself,
and I could use
a good screwing.
Come on, my office
is soundproof.
You can scream
like a little baby.
Uh...
[Lori]
Don't keep me waiting.
You can unfollow me, Chandra.
You can unfriend me,
but you can't forget
about me, okay?
[knocking on door]
Hello, brother, may we
see Hector and Manolo?
They ain't here.
Do you have my weed
and my pills?
You all right, brother?
You look lost.
I've had a recent setback.
Financial? Health issues?
A woman?
Yes! A woman,
how did you know?
She left you.Yes.
Well, here is a love
that will never leave you
that you can always
count on.
You're gonna say
Jesus, right?
Follow us, brother.
Throw your past behind you
and follow Him into the light
of peace and love.
What have you got to lose?
Not much, I've lost
everything else.
You should probably leave
the tequila, you know,
for the righteousness
and stuff.
Oh, yeah, but let's just do
one for the road, right?
[Manolo]
You wanna take another break?
No, that last break
was a mistake.
But Wendy, I don't think we have
to worry about being found out.
The test is tomorrow.
Are you worried
I'm gonna fail?
Oh, no, you're gonna pass.
And that's what
I'm worried about.
And then when you do, what
good will I be to you then?
You don't have to worry.
I watched
"Officer and a Gentleman."
I won't leave you behind.
Oh, baby, oh!
Mmm...
[doorbell rings,
knocking on door]
All right.
[knocking continues]
Good idea.
Okay.
Whoa.
All right, how did it go
at the network?
Are we celebrating
or drowning our sorrows?
'Cause I'm good at both.
Okay, here's the deal.
"Valleys," as an hour-long,
is dead.
No way around it.
But they love the project.
They say it's still gonna be
gritty, just a little lighter.
They see it
as a prestige project.
How do you feel about that?
I feel good.
We just need to work
with the network,
massage it a little bit
to get what we want.
George, we can
protect the show.
And I'm gonna protect you.
Well, then I guess
we're celebrating!
Okay.
Come on, lift it up.
Mmm.
We're showing 'em all.
Huh?!
Let's drink to that.
At least the Dodgers won.
Hey, hey, hey,
Hector, Manolo, come on, man.
Let's have a drink, we're
celebrating the new show.
So "Valleys" gonna
be an hour?
No, it's a half hour, but it,
but it, but it's a drama.
You know, kind of like
a cool cable show
or like an Internet-based...
That sounds right.Yeah...
business is different now.
Nobody knows what they want.
It's not cut and dry.
There's gray areas.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, but
enough about Hollywood.
You two, sit down,
grab a beer.
Tell us about your day,
tell us about your day.
Thanks, but I can't
be drinking.
Tomorrow's my final.
Oh, not me, I'm recording
another video
for the Ab Jacker.
[Olly]
Yeah, let's talk about that.
Oh, is that one
of Lori's products?
Nope, you were right.
I can only sell
what I believe in
and...
I believe in these.Ooh.
Every day I post
a new exercise routine.
And when it hits
and goes viral, I'm gonna--
Hey, wait a minute, wait, wait,
talk to Marsupial about this.
You just can have
something go viral.
I already got
a million followers.
And I already got
a great slogan.
With the Ab Jacker,
you can jack your way
to health and fitness.
Oh...I'm in.
Okay, uh, but don't
move your hands
like that
when you say that.
No, there'll be
a machine here.
Oh.Yeah.
Hey, speaking
about Marsupial,
has anybody heard
from him?
He's not
returning my texts.
My textsss...
My text messages.
Text messages.
He and I found
this great apartment
for him and Chandra.
And I want it.
Yikes... cold.Oh.
What? No, he probably doesn't
want it anymore, right?
And everyone agrees I need
to get out of my mom's house.
[laughs]Mmm... can you do
the thing again?
Oh, this?
No, the other thing.Oh.
♪♪
So... I'm thinking
we shoot San Fernando,
run and gun,
keep it real.
Real, for sure, real,
but not too real.Uh-huh.
'Cause you know how when
you photograph food,
it just looks terrible
until you gloss it up.
I see orange and aqua
and mustard yellow.
[George laughs]
There's nothing wrong
with your eyesight, my man.
But you do realize
this is for a chop shop
and not a, a circus.
And I don't think
you have any under there.
But I'm thinking "Valleys" is
almost, like, black and white.
Maybe we could use, you know,
like, that to start.
Okay, well, but there's
a ton of colors
in-between black and white
and what we have here.
So maybe we just find
something in the middle.Yeah.
There are other colors.
I guess.
Cool.
[clears throat]
Well, great, thank you.Yeah.
[George]
What just happened?
Man, who hired that guy?
The studio,
they love him.
They swear by him.
We just need to give him some
guidance which we just did.
I don't know,
that dude...
George, this is
the kind of push and pull
we need to deal with
if we're going
to get what we want.
We just need to play
with the genre.
Show a new angle.
That's what's gonna
work for the network.
And it's still gonna follow
your vision... in a new way.
All right,
well, I guess so.
But let's say on top
of him, okay?
And if he blows that base smoke
in my face one more time,
I'ma take that pen.
He's gonna be blowing smoke out
of another part of his body.
Well, lucky him.
Oh, man, I gotta go home,
I'm meeting Lori.
Oh, she's coming to you?
That sounds promising.
Yeah, you know, it's just, uh,
a lot of giving and taking.
You know, healthy doses
of giving and taking.
It's the call I've been
stalled out,
but now they call it
giving and taking.
Well, good meeting!
I gotta say,
this is great.
And very manly.
Like, a woman has
never set foot in here.
[chuckling]
Oh, well...
I've been waiting
for the... right woman.Hmm.
So, Hector, huh?
What's he doing?
Branching out on his own?
Well, not exactly
on his own.
You know, we are
thinking of building
a whole social media
fitness platform around him.
He's clearly an influencer.
Quite a kid, but,
uh, you know...
So are you,
I gotta tell ya.
I never felt more comfortable
with somebody
in such a short time,
I mean.
Hey, you know what,
where are the guys?
Oh, uh, let's see.
Hector and Maronzio
are out.
And Manolo's
taking his test.
Oh, yeah?
That is a very big counter.
Hmm.
I need to go to the bathroom.
Uh, yeah, yeah, me too.
Okay, go, you two go.
You're gonna need to leave
your cell phones here
in the classroom, thank you.
I told you
it wouldn't work.
I still need to go pee.
I removed the study guide
from the tampon dispenser.
[chuckling]
Looks like you're gonna
get held back again.
That baby's gonna graduate
before you do.
[mocking laughter]
[school bell rings]
All right,
that's it.
Pencils down.
As Triumph Seekers,
we've broken the laws of man.
And we've been imprisoned
by following
the laws of God.
We've redeemed ourselves.
Mike was an arsonist.
And Ironhead stabbed
his mom in the neck.
She forgave him...
as has the Lord.
[all]
Amen!
But there is a man among us
who's committed no crimes.
But he has sinned.
And to find salvation,
you must admit your sins.
Can you do that,
Brother Maronzio?
Yes.
Hell, yeah, I sinned.
All I did was sin.
I sinned so much
I was proud of it!
I was proud
of what I was doing!
So proud I couldn't even see!
I couldn't see that
I was losing the best thing
that ever happened
to me until now.
Until right now!
I'm on the path
to righteousness.
And nothing, I mean nothing
can stand in my way!
We're here
for you, brother.
I'm gonna wash away my sins
with the blood of Christ!
And somebody give me
some strong coffee.
Who's with me?
[all]
Yeah!
Okay...
[clears throat]
Here's problem
number one.
This is ridiculous.
I'm not wearing this.
I'm not Ricardo Montalbán.
Well, of course not.
Oh, of course not.
This is what Coco wears
at the cabaret.
Cabaret? Wait a minute.
Have you read the script?
Yes.
I got the new pages
last night.
Let me tell you,
I have been scrambling--
New pages?
That's right, uh,
I heard the network
was gonna bring in
"Harvard Lampoon" writers
to do a couple punch-ups.
[clears throat]
Harvard, great.
College kids are gonna
rewrite "Valleys."
Well, they want to appeal
to millennials.
Even though millennials
don't even watch TV.
All right, that's stupid.
That's... stupid,
it's ridiculous.
That's... corny and stupid.
You know what?
This is all stupid!
Well, I was told to go
off the one-sheet
for tone guidance, so...
Oh, my God, this is--
This is ridiculous!
And it's offensive,
all right?
And you know what
else is offensive?!
That sombrero right
there behind you.
What's wrong
with the sombre--
[Olly]
George!
George! George!
That poster was a mistake.
But we can fix it.
We just have to learn
to navigate things.
I mean, look, maybe
the network does see things
a little broader
than you and I do.
We can make this work.
We just get big ratings.
And then for season two,
we do it our way.
No, that's not
how it works.
How it works is season two,
you do it their way again
because in season one,
you proved to them
that they can push
you around.
George, you can't just flip
over the checker board
every time you don't
get what you want.
That's the analogy
you use?
You know what?
I can and I will.
This is your chance.
You think this is gonna
make me relevant?
This is gonna
make me the punch line
to a joke by someone
who is relevant.
This is all you've got.
I wish it was
different, but...
you have to make this work
or you may never work again.
[clears throat]
So, ah, wow, uh, that's...
So you're protecting me now?
I'm trying to.
You know what, Olly?
You're just like Danny.
You're Danny.
But instead of
sticking me in Vegas,
you wanna stick me in some
shitty ass multi-cam.
This isn't about me.
It's never been about me.
This is about you
and your magency.
And proving that you can
raise enough money
and be successful enough to
move out of your mom's house.
That's not fair.No kidding.
You know what? I, I, I thought
you were different.
I thought...
I thought I could
count on you, you know?
Yeah, I guess
I was wrong, huh?
♪ Unh, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ That's right, come on,
come on, come on ♪
♪ Unh, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Come on, oh
Come on, oh ♪
♪♪
♪ Get your hands up,
get your hands up ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪♪
♪♪